Lukem/index page node (#214)
moondance-labs/tanssi-docs: node-operators/index.md

---
title: Validators, Sequencers & Network node

> description: Learn how to run a Tanssi network RPC node or a Network node to participate in the block production mechanism for chains within the Tanssi ecosystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: This section offers guides on setting up infrastructure and nodes for RPC services, block production, and validation within the Tanssi ecosystem.
```
